Hello.
How are you?
See, I'm fine.
Say, hello, 12345.
Say, hello.
Hello.
Say, my name is Jose Jimenez.
My name is Jose Jimenez.
My name is Nicole Bass-Banes.
I am Nicole Bass-Banes.
I live in Grafton, Massachusetts.
You want to say something?
I live in Massachusetts.
I live in Grafton, Massachusetts.
Okay.
We say, test, test, test.
Oldies 103, Boston.
Over here.
One, two, three.
Oldies 103, Boston.
What I did is I changed the speed on it.
I didn't even know who that was at first.
Okay, Nicole, are you ready?
Let's do the laugh at the concert.
Dad, can we do something?
Let's do it with Barbara first.
Yeah, sorry.
Don't touch any.
Just talk.
Hi, my name is Nicole.
I'm from Spanish and French.
I'm Spanish and French.
I taught Spanish right back.
Um, and I say something French now, okay?
Bonjour, je m'appelle Nicole.
Okay, you ready for this?
And... Sittin' on my la la, waitin' for my ya ya.
Whoop!
Okay.
You maybe got, um, Caldor.
Oh, no, I got this in New York City.
Do-a-do-a.
Which place?
No, um, which place?
The 47th Street camera shop.
Are there any parting words before I close it down?
I do.
Well, you have to say something.
Can you sing a song?
Yeah.
I want to do a different song.
Pretty woman, you know that?
Yeah.
Can I do something?
Sure.
Let's go to the hop.
Great ball of the fire.
Oh, baby, let's go to the hop.
Laughs are the funniest things.
There you go.
Ha-ha.
Hi.